# slicesCollect

The slicesCollect script is part of an empirical study infrastructure that aims to analyze merge conflict predictors.

More information here: https://merge-conflict-factors.github.io/merge-conflict-factors/

Install and run:

This script collects the modularity factor used in this study, in this case for ruby MVC projects. To do so, it uses as input the output result of the <a href="https://github.com/merge-conflict-factors/miningGit" title="">miningGit</a> script.

To run this script you first: 
1) Copy the projectList.csv file (generated on the <a href="https://github.com/merge-conflict-factors/miningGit" title="">miningGit</a> Results folder) into the root directory of this project.
2) Copy the files xx_MergeScenarioList.csv  (xx means the project (s) name (s) used to compose the sample) also located in the Results folder (generated by the <a href="https://github.com/merge-conflict-factors/miningGit" title="">miningGit</a> script) to the folder contributionExtractorResults in this project.
3) Run the main script named Main.groovy.

This script generates a few .csv files as a result. The main one is the file named xx.csv (xx means the project (s) name (s) used to compose the sample) that summarizes the modularity metric we consider in our study: changes to a common slice, and will be used as input for the predictorsCollect script. The remaining .csv files generate used as the intermediary to generate the one above mentioned and/or collect additional metrics do not consider for presentation in this paper.

Important: In case you do not use this module to compute your modularity metric (i.e., uses a different strategy, language, framework, etc.), you should create your script to generate the same output file following the standard below:

The xx.csv file summarizes the slice metric and should contain the following columns:
- mergeID: the same identifier in xx_MergeScenarioList.csv
- isConflicting: 1 (conflicts) or 0 (no conflicts)
- existsCommonSlices: 1 (Changes to a common slice is true) or 0 (Changes to a common slice is false)
- totalCommonSlices: the number of common slices changed by contributions 
